1.       The sales Pipeline is an estimation of sales revenue that will be generated in upcoming month

True

2.       CRM Software is known as back-office enterprise software

False

3.       A bill of material is a list of all the raw materials and components needed to produce a finished product.

True

4.       The set of skills that employees acquire in their jobs through training and experience that increases their value in the marketplace is known as human capital.

True

5.       Identity and access management (IAM) includes three main functions: identification, authentication, and authorization.

True

6.       Whereas a data mart combines databases across an entire enterprise, data warehouses are usually smaller and focus on a particular subject or department

false

7.       The balanced scorecard is a methodology for corporate performance management.

True

 


1.       List the steps in the purchase-to-pay process and note which ones represent financial transactions
1. Purchase requisition
2. RFQ and Quotations
3. Purchase Order
4. Goods or Services Receipt
5. Vendor Invoice and 3-Way match
6. Payment
 

2.       Describe basic functionality in an ERP Warehouse Management system
-receiving
-putting away
-order picking
-shipping
 
3.       List the steps in the employee life cycle.
1. Candidate Selection
2. Onboarding
3. Management information
4. Candidate attraction
5. Candidate tracking
 
4.       Explain the concept of role-based access control and how it relates to logical access.
Role based is based on your role while logical is based on company policies, procedures, organizational culture, and electronic controls.
 

5.       What are the four characteristics of a data warehouse?
1. Subject oriented - Organized by subject rather than process; domains include suppliers, customers, sales, and inventory.
2. Stable and non-volatile - Once stored, data is not changed except for a compelling reason; updates are done periodically, which differs from ERP systems that processes transactions every second. 
3. Time variant - Reporting over a period of time. 4. Integrated - Integrates data from CRM, ERP, legacy systems, POS data, economic data, and possibly unstructured data.



2.
1. customer browses merch
2. fills out order form
3. order number
4. delivery
5. approval
6. receipt

3.
-most important asset is people
-data automation
-sensitive data must be kept private/secure
-important to every part of company

4.
-improved service
-improved communication
-streamlined admin processes
-reduces costs
-empowers managers to make better, faster strategy decisions

5.       What are the four characteristics of a data warehouse?
1. Subject oriented - Organized by subject rather than process; domains include suppliers, customers, sales, and inventory.
2. Stable and non-volatile - Once stored, data is not changed except for a compelling reason; updates are done periodically, which differs from ERP systems that processes transactions every second. 
3. Time variant - Reporting over a period of time. 4. Integrated - Integrates data from CRM, ERP, legacy systems, POS data, economic data, and possibly unstructured data.

